[Music]
in Cutting Room create a new story by
clicking on the new story
button title your project this can be
changed at a later stage and set the
frame
rate in the left tab you will find all
content for editing including videos
images and audio files you can either
drag a file to the source player or
double click on
it press enter and the uploaded file
will be added to the timeline where you
can begin editing
[Music]
you can also record a voice over in the
timeline adjust the volume of voiceovers
and of other audio
files create new graphics using text
images and other shapes to create a
thumbnail press t on your keyboard and a
small circle will appear above the
selected frame click render to create
your story in full quality in all your
selected aspect ratios then either
publish your stories directly to your
favorite media platforms or you can
download them in our other videos we go
into more detail on everything you can
do within Cutting Room